43 action
in English
henson
making and on youtube
wilson from johnson space orcas so much
sad guadiana you say strike in
spence about this what we are going to paint
friends, I hope you enjoy it
this is a special request good you see
that sometimes you can be with the molds
but sometimes you can also be with him
only by hand with a brush and
painting nothing better this is the
I share for you to see and scale
observe also and learn and other
more things
and good I'm good to be speech font
enjoy the watch and them scanning dance
weekend on the end is in these are
deming at the doctor av
many scanners have said their ways of
helping your baby is that it was true and that
I was also 16 farfán
the making best and you see evelyn and a
hard and avoid is possible if then
so we go we started drawing shapes by
pieces and that's how we build
well he says is kanepi this I did it very
fast this is a super fast video what
accelerate because it took me almost six hours
for the painting then I did what
accelerate so that in six minutes nothing
more 69 to make it not so boring
and you can see it fast not good what
important in this to learn is
observe and everything else
Cesc before everything else remains
saved in memory not then well
is how are we doing rate we make you
look and its
wing and flu shock
enjoy it look at it just like me
I'm doing it fast, good, anticipated
and much faster than the speedy
gonzález I think he was left behind
speedy gonzález or aguas spas
in white
because i was in the westin grand force
of production
I do not pencil it this I did
directly with the brush with the
painting because I was really going to cover it
all with the blue paint that I put on it and
really, I still had to
position the place had to see everything
that was improvised because then there
moments that you could move your image
so then once drawn if already
I had it then I would stay and there what
you have to leave us then here I'll
I was moving because I was creating in the
moment this whole process not good then
so we go
they are light
here we are putting the details
the shadows the lights that the car has
the way to give it dimension and that
is the way it takes time and
all the little things that is not the same as
paint such a landscape in five minutes and
Here comes the
ok are inhabitants of white light in the
world the white line now if it's time
to paint the white stripes of the
asphalt road
today it seems that it is descending from the
sky that's a path that comes from
heaven and is an angel that comes to the rescue
you say the light of heaven display
are 32 wilson díaz line of sporting
lenses are a piece of land floating
with some trees there that is
floating up there in the sky is supposed
that are bits of land that is there
and well, the car comes from there
from beyond our imagination in
something crazy you know opting revisited from
hudson I have a floor image
answer for my friend enjoyment is available
a point where Thomas bats fenton
spam
I was where he lent 20 texts 3
night studio manito make the nights
text where ok auction way you make it
is it
anxious to come back but federer and let's go
to retouch a little bit with blue in some
parts of the blue sky because well that's how it is
the style that I wanted it to be like
of blue and good little of Maria we are going to
put more here the exposure value the
exploiting instead rather in dialogue with
the black of my text although this data
every how we can make it right there's ink
sound leds shouts of sayings of we have
to make it better in two days the mec big
foot the pain tino case or let's make it
we are going to retouch them
in that detection study fails fire
fire to dry the paint is for
seal scientific texts this is done
to win it to sell the complete 22 win it
to see the plot of ok
are these purposes
Silveira raw, well, that's all
my friends, I hope you have
enjoyed them and well, well
so we finish the painting we're going to
sign jáled sainete let my name '
porfirio jiménez conception what the
mexican shipping artist who is my
name porfi jiménez good you know
Mexicans 100% and good we'll see each other
here